docs/index.md, before:

This page is meant to serve as an overview of recent and ongoing events. The tables here can be found in the [[./Tables/index|Tables]] section if you want less clutter on your screen. You can also click on the little chain links above each table to be taken directly to that table.
# Current Party

![[./Tables/Current Party|Current Party]]

# Ongoing
## Open Questions

## Quests
- [[./Quests/Investigate Kidnappings in Daggerford|Investigate Kidnappings in Daggerford]]
- [[./Quests/Kidnap Victor|Kidnap Victor]]
- [[./Quests/Recover Missing Church Property|Recover Missing Church Property]]
- [[./Quests/The Illusionist|The Illusionist]]
- [[./Quests/The Myrmidon|The Myrmidon]]
- [[./Quests/The Avenger|The Avenger]]
- [[./Quests/The Mists|The Mists]]
- [[./Quests/The Broken One|The Broken One]]

# Sessions
- [[./Sessions/2023-10-15|2023-10-15]]
- [[./Sessions/2023-08-26|2023-08-26]]
- [[./Sessions/2023-08-06|2023-08-06]]
- [[./Sessions/2023-06-18|2023-06-18]]
- [[./Sessions/2022-11-21|2022-11-21]]

Commit message:

[PUBLISHER] Merge #16
* PUSH NOTE : Current Quests.md

* PUSH NOTE : Completed Quests.md

* PUSH NOTE : The World.md

docs/index.md, after:

This page is meant to serve as an overview of recent and ongoing events. Any tables here can be found in the [[./Tables/index|Tables]] section if you want less clutter on your screen.
# Current Party


| Name                                                    | Player    | Race            | Class                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| [[./Party/Faeryl Hune\|Faeryl Hune]]                   | Mary      | Dark Elf (Drow) | Warlock                                                |
| [[./Party/Frost over the Grass\|Frost over the Grass]] | Elizabeth | Tabaxi          | Barbarian                                              |
| [[./Party/Lucia\|Lucia]]                               | Elizabeth | ???             | Ranger                                                 |
| [[./Party/Thistle\|Thistle]]                           | Sam       | Changling       | <ul><li>Blood Hunter</li><li>Cleric (Nature)</li></ul> |
| [[./Party/Thorn\|Thorn]]                               | Melody    | Dragonborn      | Cleric                                                 |


^9fcc7c


# Ongoing
## Open Questions

## Quests
- [[./Quests/Investigate Kidnappings in Daggerford|Investigate Kidnappings in Daggerford]]
- [[./Quests/Kidnap Victor|Kidnap Victor]]
- [[./Quests/Recover Missing Church Property|Recover Missing Church Property]]
- [[./Quests/The Illusionist|The Illusionist]]
- [[./Quests/The Myrmidon|The Myrmidon]]
- [[./Quests/The Avenger|The Avenger]]
- [[./Quests/The Mists|The Mists]]
- [[./Quests/The Broken One|The Broken One]]

# Sessions
- [[./Sessions/2023-10-15|2023-10-15]]
- [[./Sessions/2023-08-26|2023-08-26]]
- [[./Sessions/2023-08-06|2023-08-06]]
- [[./Sessions/2023-06-18|2023-06-18]]
- [[./Sessions/2022-11-21|2022-11-21]]
